and maybe you could tell me now sort of
Gryffindor its goblin made brilliant no
you don't understand
dirt and rust have no effect on the
blade it only takes them that which
makes it stronger okay hey nobody
destroyed one Horcrux right Tom Riddle's
diary in the chamber of secrets with a
basilisk Fang it becomes even gone and
those in that bloody beaded bag of eels
don't you see in the chamber of secrets
you stab the basilisk with a Sword of
Gryffindor its blade is impregnated with
basilisk venom
it only takes in that which makes it
stronger exactly which is why it can
destroy Horcruxes why Dumbledore left it
to you in his will you are brilliant
himani
truly actually I'm highly logical which
allows me to look past extraneous detail
and perceive clearly that which others
overlook yeah there's only one problem
occurs
the sort of stolen yeah I'm still here
be used to carry on then let me spoil
the fun what's wrong wrong nothing's
wrong I'm calling to you anyway but if
you've got something to say don't be shy
spit it out
all right I'll spit it out but don't
expect me to be grateful just because
now there's another damn thing we've got
fine I thought you knew what you signed
up for yeah I thought I did too well I'm
sorry but I don't quite understand what
part of this isn't living up to your
expectations but do you think we were
going to be staying in a five-star hotel
finding your Horcrux every other day you
thought you'd be back with your mum by
Christmas I just thought after all this
time we would have actually achieved
something I thought you knew what you
were doing I thought Dumbledore would
have told you something worthwhile for
your planet I told you everything
Dumbledore told me and in case you
haven't noticed we have found a Horcrux
already yeah we're about as close to
getting rid of it as we are to finding
the rest of them aren't we please take
please take a look so you wouldn't be
saying any of this if you had been
wearing it all day don't know why I
listened to that radio every an idea to
make sure I don't hit Ginny's name or
Fred or George or Molly think I'm not
this think who you think I don't know
how this fail you don't know how it
feels
your parents are dead you have no family
go go then
and you are you coming and you stay